899 - Fix before show event with lookup (#4365)
infor-design/enterprise: docs/CHANGELOG.md

- `[Datagrid]` Added support to `In Range` filter operator for numeric columns. ([#3988](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/3988))
- `[Datepicker]` Added missing off screen text for the picker buttons in the datepicker month/year view. ([#4318](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4318))
- `[Editor]` Fixed a bug where the Fontpicker's displayed style wasn't updating to match the current text selection in some cases. ([#4309](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise/issues/4309))

> - `[Lookup]` Fixed an issue where the event `beforeShow` was only triggers one time. ([#899](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/899))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `[Lookup]` Fixed an issue where the event `beforeShow` was only triggered the first time. ([#899](https://github.com/infor-design/enterprise-ng/issues/899))
```
